hey YouTube the hair that I have
installed is by unlimited virgin hair
company I have installed 3 bundles of
the Brazilian body wave the longest
length that I have installed is 26
inches and then I have a bundle of 24
inches in a bundle of 22 inches at the
top I am actually wearing a lace closure
and that is 14 inches but I got that at
a different company and that company is
called her imports so this is actually
my third time purchasing hair from this
company
I've always purchased the Brazilian body
wave the company also carries the usual
Malaysian Indian European Peruvians so
if you guys want to check that out you
should check out the website the hair
has no tangling whatsoever none of
matting at the neck I can run my hands
through it easily and nothing gets
caught I do have a few strands that come
out when I wash the hair so it's a
minimum shedding the products that I use
to wash the hair is the organics line I
use the coconut milk shampoo and the
coconut milk conditioner I also use
Aussie I don't know if you guys have
heard of Aussie before but I use Aussie
moist as like a deep conditioning and
that's what leaves these extensions so
so soft and you can get those products
at like a Walgreens or a Walmart or CVS
you guys can check that out um
shipping with this company there is no
Express shipping and I wish there was
can I can get it like overnight
the next day but shipping is three five
days but I usually get the package like
on the fourth day so that's us fine but
like I said I've
this is my third time purchasing hair
from this company and I've had
absolutely no problems recommended to
other people they haven't had any
problem - the deaf when we check out
unlimited virgin hair company I'll list
the website below and thank you for
watching my review